fix the docs (#612)
rustwasm/wasm-pack: docs/src/tutorials/npm-browser-packages/template-deep-dive/cargo-toml.md

wee_alloc = { version = "0.4.2", optional = true }
```

In our code, we'll mark certain parts of code as running only if certain `[features]`

> are enabled, specifically, `console_error_panic_hook` and `weealloc`. By default,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are enabled, specifically, `console_error_panic_hook` and `wee_alloc`. By default,
```
